Add GnuPG dynamic application built from source (#57)
unikraft/dynamic-apps: gnupg_source/README.md

# GnuPG as Dynamic Build

This directory stores the `build.sh` file, used for building [GnuPG]("https://gnupg.org/"), also known as `gpg`, a command line tool for encrypting and singing your data.
All files are stored in their expected location in the Linux filesytem hierarchy. 
The aim is to run the executable in any Linux ELF-compatible environment: native Linux, chroot/jail, Docker, Unikraft.

For more about the usage of `gpg` visit the [official documentation](https://www.gnupg.org/documentation/).

> ## How to Build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build
```

In order to build `GnuPG` you have to run, from inside the **gnupg_source** directory

```console
./build.sh
```

> The script will download GnuPG and it's dependecies, build them and use the `extract.sh` tool to generate the `lib` `lib64` and `bin` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will download GnuPG and it's dependencies, build them and use the `extract.sh` tool to generate the `lib` `lib64` and `bin` directories.
```

> The script will download GnuPG and it's dependecies, build them and use the `extract.sh` tool to generate the `lib` `lib64` and `bin` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will download the GnuPG, install the required dependencies and build the sources.
```

> ## How to Run on Unikraft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run
```

# GnuPG as Dynamic Build

> This directory stores the `build.sh` file, used for building [GnuPG]("https://gnupg.org/"), also known as `gpg`, a command line tool for
> encrypting and singing your data. All files are stored in their expected
> location in the Linux filesytem hierarchy. The aim is to run the
> executable in any Linux ELF-compatible environment: native Linux, chroot/jail, Docker, Unikraft.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This directory stores the `build.sh` file, used for building [GnuPG]("https://gnupg.org/"), also known as `gpg`, a command line tool for encrypting and singing your data.
All files are stored in their expected location in the Linux filesytem hierarchy.
The aim is to run the executable in any Linux ELF-compatible environment: native Linux, chroot/jail, Docker, Unikraft.
```
Use one line per sentence and one sentence per line

> For more about the usage of `gpg` visit the [official documentation](https://www.gnupg.org/documentation/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more about the usage of `gpg` visit the [official documentation](https://www.gnupg.org/documentation/).
```

## How to Build

> In order to build `GnuPG` you have to run, from inside the **gnupg_source** 
> directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to build `GnuPG` you have to run, from inside the **gnupg_source**  directory.
```
Use one line per sentence and one sentence per line

```console
./build.sh
```

> The script will download GnuPG and it's dependecies, build them and use
> the `extract.sh` tool to generate the `lib` `lib64` and `bin` directories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script will download GnuPG and it's dependecies, build them and use the `extract.sh` tool to generate the `lib` `lib64` and `bin` directories.
```

## How to Run on Unikraft

> To run the binary ELF on Unikraft, run the `run.sh` script from the 
> [`run-app-elfloader` repository](https://github.com/unikraft/run-app-elfloader):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the binary ELF on Unikraft, run the `run.sh` script from the  [`run-app-elfloader` repository](https://github.com/unikraft/run-app-elfloader):
```

# GnuPG

> In order to build `GnuPG` you have to run, from the **gnupg_source** directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to build `GnuPG` you have to run, from the **gnupg_source** directory

```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```console
```

./build.sh
```

> The script will download GnuPG and it's dependecies, build them and use
> the `extract.sh` tool to generate the `lib` `lib64` and `bin` directories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script will download GnuPG and it's dependecies, build them and use the `extract.sh` tool to generate the `lib` `lib64` and `bin` directories.
```
Use one line per sentence and one sentence per line.
